Known Bugs and Limitations in JaxoDraw - 2.1-0
----------------------------------------------

For a latest list, see
http://jaxodraw.sourceforge.net/issue-tracking.html

* When using IBM's Runtime Environment, the program may be executed
  and works fine for most parts but presents some peculiarities: the
  layout of pop up windows is not always the same and XML output
  serializes the bounding boxes of objects that are explicitly marked as
  transient in the source code. This has been reported to us for version
  number 1.4.1 of IBM's SDK. For us, this appears to be an
  incompatibility between SUN's and IBM's Runtime Environments.
  On the other hand, the program compiles fine with IBM's jikes
  compiler (tested with version 1.19 and 1.22).

* Some swing internal components do not allow full internationalization
  (see: http://www.progdoc.de/papers/intSwing/intswing/intswing.html).
  This is Java bug #4195173.
  For JaxoDraw, this effects only some text fields in the FileChooser,
  ColorChooser and Print dialogs, where the text will always be given in
  english.

* If a LaTeX text object is present at the edge of a graph then the bounding box
  of a "LaTeX -> EPS" export is most probably not correct. This manifests itself
  by a "broken" text, ie, a thin white line is crossing the text. Basically,
  there is no way for us to estimate the extension of a text after latex
  compilation, so the only workaround is to adjust the bounding box by hand.

* When drawing a line or loop and releasing the mouse outside the drawing
  area, the object will still be drawn correctly. However, the same does
  not work for arcs and beziers: clicking once outside the drawing area
  will make the object disappear. This is a fundamental Java limitation
  and cannot be fixed in general.

* On windows, plugins cannot be un-installed from the Plugin Manager.
  They get removed from the current session but remain in the plugin
  cache, so next time JaxoDraw is started they get loaded again.
  The plugin jar  has to be removed manually from the plugin
  installation folder to uninstall the plugin permanently.

* Running JaxoDraw-2.0-0 on a 64bit java installation, the program first
  executes fine and works for most parts, but trying to draw a gluon line
  gives a crash dump. This is evidently a bug in the java virtual
  machine 64bit version, so there is nothing we can do about it. The only
  workaround is to install a 32bit version and use this to run JaxoDraw.
  See bug #2561249 for more details.